---
layout: default
redirect_from: /news/Oct2002NewsRelease.aspx/
---

# News Archive

## IVI Foundation Completes Instrument Driver Specifications

[Download PDF version of news release](../docs/press_releases/oct_2002/IVIOct2002Release.pdf)

## IVI Foundation Completes Instrument Driver Specifications

**Foundation Demonstrates Benefits of New Specifications at
AUTOTESTCON**

**NEWS RELEASE - Oct. 15, 2002 -** The Interchangeable Virtual
Instrumentation (IVI) Foundation, an open consortium of companies that
sets software standards for instrument interchangeability, announced the
completion of all the specifications required for IVI-compliant
instrument drivers and systems. The new IVI specifications help users
meet engineering challenges, such as preserving software on long-life
test systems when instruments become obsolete, or maximizing the use of
existing resources by deploying a single test software system on to test
systems built with different instrument hardware.

The Interchangeable Virtual Instrumentation (IVI) Foundation, an open
consortium of companies that sets software standards for instrument
interchangeability, announced the completion of all the specifications
required for IVI-compliant instrument drivers and systems. The new IVI
specifications help users meet engineering challenges, such as
preserving software on long-life test systems when instruments become
obsolete, or maximizing the use of existing resources by deploying a
single test software system on to test systems built with different
instrument hardware.

At the recommendation of the IVI Technical Committee earlier this year,
the foundation's board of directors approved nine core architectural
specifications and eight instrument class specifications. The
architectural specifications define the framework for all IVI instrument
drivers and the mechanism engineers can use to interchange instruments.
The IVI Foundation designed the framework to provide C or COM driver
interfaces that are usable in a wide variety of development
environments. These specifications also define features that make the
drivers easy to use and include advanced capabilities such as simulation
and state caching.

The class specifications deliver common programming interfaces for
communicating with instruments of the same class. The specifications
cover the following classes: DC power supply, digital multimeter,
function and arbitrary waveform generator, oscilloscope, power meter, RF
signal generator, spectrum analyzer, and switch. Engineers who use these
common programming interfaces can exchange instruments with few or no
changes to their test program software.

In addition, the IVI Foundation completed implementation and testing of
the IVI shared components, which are basic building blocks for all IVI
instrument drivers. These components perform common system services and
ensure that IVI instrument drivers from multiple vendors are
interoperable in the same system.

'The completion of these specifications gives members the framework to
create IVI-compliant drivers and gives engineers around the world the
freedom to build high-performance test systems more productively," said
Joe Mueller of Agilent Technologies, President of the IVI Foundation.
'These specifications not only promote interchangeability, they also
give vendors the opportunity to increase their customers' ease of use by
creating higher quality, consistent drivers."

At AUTOTESTCON today, the IVI Foundation presented demonstrations of the
new specifications from a number of member companies, including Agilent,
Keithley, National Instruments, and Rohde & Schwarz. The demonstrations
highlighted the ability of the IVI architecture to provide the following
user benefits: ease of integration and use, simulation, speed through
state caching, multi-vendor interoperability, and hardware and software
interchangeability. After today's press conference in Huntsville, Ala.,
the IVI Foundation plans to present the new specifications at
Electronica in Munich, Germany, in November of 2002.

## About the IVI Foundation

The IVI Foundation was formed in 1998 and officially incorporated in
2001. With the IVI Foundation standard instrument driver specifications,
engineers can swap instruments without recompiling software, resulting
in significant savings in time and money. The IVI Foundation's
membership includes end-users, major instrument and software vendors,
and system suppliers and integrators who are dedicated to defining
software standards for instrument interchangeability. The foundation's
board of directors is comprised of representatives from the following 10
companies: Agilent Technologies, Keithley Instruments, National
Instruments, Pacific MindWorks, Racal Instruments, Rohde & Schwarz,
Tektronix, Teradyne, TYX Corp., and Vektrex Electronic Systems.
