---
layout: default
nav_order: 0
Title: "IVI Website"
redirect_from: /index.aspx/
---

# Welcome to the Interchangeable Virtual Instruments Foundation

The IVI Foundation is an open consortium founded to promote
specifications for programming test instruments that simplify
interchangeability, provide better performance, and reduce the cost of
program development and maintenance.

## Security<span class="style1"> </span>

The IVI Foundation has been collaborating with the LXI Consortium to
update the IVI standards for secure instrument network communication.
For details on these updates:


[Press Release (PDF)](https://lxistandard.org/Documents/News/2022-08_IVI_and_LXI_Press_Release.pdf)

- IVI and LXI Leading the T&M Industry in Security Standardization

[Article (PDF)](https://lxistandard.org/Documents/Articles/IviSecurityFeatures.pdf)


- IVI Standard Updates for Secure Network Connections

[LXI Consortium Security Updates](https://lxistandard.org/)

## VXI*plug&play*<span class="style1"> </span>

The VXI*plug&play* Systems Alliance was an organization whose members
shared a common commitment to end-user success with open, multivendor
VXI systems. For more information, [click here](VXIPlug_Play/Default.html).

## SCPI

The Standard Commands for Programmable Instrumentation (SCPI) Consortium
was an organization whose members shared a common commitment to develop
a common interface language between computers and test instruments. For
more information, [click here](scpi/Default.html).

## IVI Overcomes Industry Challenges

In today's world two factors hinder efficient test system setup and
support:

1\) the high cost of developing and maintaining test system software
and, 2) rapidly evolving technology. The IVI Foundation addresses these
needs through new driver technology:

IVI drivers define a new level of quality, completeness, usability, and
functionality that reduces the cost of test system development and
ownership.

IVI drivers simplify upgrading or replacing components in complex test
systems intended to be used over a long period of time. The IVI
Foundation was formed in 1998 and officially incorporated in 2001. Its
membership includes end-users, instrument vendors, software vendors,
system suppliers, and system integrators.

## Next IVI Meeting

[**February 6-9, 2023 Virtual Meeting**](assets/meetings/2023Feb/Default-FEB2023.html)

## Getting Started

For general information on getting started using IVI drivers, see the
[IVI Getting Started Guide (PDF)](downloads/IVI-GSG-CurrentVersion.pdf).  For more
information on the IVI standards, see [More Information](resources/Default.html).

