---
layout: default
nav_order:  10
title: Privacy policy
redirect_from: /privacy_policy.aspx/
---

# Privacy Policy

## IVI Foundation Online Privacy Statement

Your privacy is important to IVI Foundation. Our goal is to provide you
with a personalized online experience that provides you with the
information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful
to you. This Privacy Statement has been written to describe the
conditions under which this web site is being made available to you. The
Privacy Statement discusses, among other things, how data obtained
during your visit to this web site may be collected and used. The
Privacy Statement also discusses important limitations about the way you
may use materials you find on the web site. Read the Privacy Statement
carefully. By using this web site, you will be deemed to have accepted
the terms of this Statement. If you do not accept the terms of the
Privacy Statement, you are directed to discontinue accessing or
otherwise using the web site or any materials obtained from it.

The process of maintaining a web site is an evolving one, and IVI
Foundation may decide at some point in the future, without advance
notice, to modify the Privacy Statement. Your use of the web site, or
materials obtained from the web site, indicates your assent to the
Privacy Statement at the time of such use. The effective Privacy
Statement will be posted on the web site, and you should check this site
regularly for any changes.

## Sites Covered by this Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement applies to all IVI Foundation-maintained web
sites, domains, information portals, and registries.

## The Materials on the Web Site are Provided 'As-Is"

The materials on this site are provided 'as is" to visitors. IVI
Foundation does not represent that the materials are complete,
up-to-date, error-free, or applicable to your situation. For example, an
article published on the web site may not cover all aspects of a given
topic, may not reflect the most recent technological developments, or
may otherwise fail to give an accurate picture of how the content
provided relates to your particular circumstance.

## Links to Non-IVI Foundation Web Sites

IVI Foundation's web site may provide links to third-party web sites for
the convenience of our users. If you access those links, you will leave
IVI Foundation's web site. IVI Foundation does not control these
third-party websites and cannot represent that their policies and
practices will be consistent with this Privacy Statement. For example,
other web sites may collect or use personal information about you in a
manner different from that described in this document. Finally,
materials available through third-party web sites may be protected from
unauthorized copying and dissemination by U.S. copyright law, trademark
law, international conventions, and other intellectual property laws,
and the usage of such materials may be subject to limitations that are
more or less restrictive than those expressed herein. Therefore, you
should use other web sites with caution, and you do so at your own risk.
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any web site before
submitting personal information.

**You can use materials authored by us that you find on this web site,
with certain restrictions.**

There are two types of materials that are accessible through this site:
materials hosted at this site, and materials that you view as a result
of following the links that exist at this site. The rules are different
for each type of material, as follows:

- **Information Hosted at Linked Sites**

    We do not have the right to grant you permission of any kind with
    respect to materials found at linked sites. You should assume that
    all materials found at such sites are protected from unauthorized
    copying and dissemination by U.S. copyright law, trademark law,
    international conventions, and other intellectual property laws,
    unless clearly indicated to the contrary. Any rights that you may
    have to make any use of materials found at linked sites, other than
    viewing the material through your web browser, will be only as
    provided at the linked site.

- **Information Hosted at Our Web Site**  

    This web site and all materials owned by, or licensed to IVI
    Foundation also are protected from unauthorized copying and
    dissemination by U.S. copyright law, trademark law, international
    conventions, and other intellectual property laws. Subject to your
    full compliance with this Privacy Statement and any applicable
    further restrictions contained in the materials in question,
    however, you are allowed to view, copy and print the materials
    hosted at this web site for your own personal, legal, non-commercial
    use, as long as you retain any copyright, trademark and other
    similar notices on the materials and do not modify them in any way.

## Children's Privacy

IVI Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children,
and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their
children's online activities and interests. IVI Foundation does not
intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13, and
IVI Foundation does not target its web site to children.
  
## TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
  
### Non-Personal Information

Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that
is not directly associated with a specific personal identity. IVI
Foundation may collect and analyze non-personal information to evaluate
how visitors use the IVI Foundation web site.

Non-personal data we may collect may track pages visited on the IVI
Foundation web site, web browser type and IP address, files downloaded,
and referring web sites. IVI Foundation web pages may use 'cookies" and
other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
Cookies are pieces of information that we may place on your computer to
help 'personalize" your visit to the site. Cookies do not identify who
you are or where you are. The cookie only tells us that you have visited
the site before and may contain certain information about your prior
visits. No cookie used by the web site collects or distributes personal
information to third parties for marketing purposes.

### Company Information

Company information is information that is associated with the name and
address of member organizations and may include data about usage and
service operation.

The Primary Representative of any IVI Foundation member organization may
request usage reports to gauge the extent of their employees'
involvement in consortium activities. Employees should be aware that
information regarding their participation (e.g., IVI Foundation
Technical Committees or Working Groups they join) is available to their
Primary Representative and IVI Foundation staff.

### Personal Information

Personal information is information that is associated with your name or
personal identity. IVI Foundation uses personal information to better
understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better
service.

On some IVI Foundation web pages, you may be able to request
information, subscribe to mailing lists, participate in online
discussions, collaborate on documents, provide feedback, submit
information into registries, register for events, apply for membership,
or join technical committees or working groups. The types of personal
information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address,
phone number, e-mail address, user IDs, passwords, billing information,
or credit card information.

### Members-Only Web Site Information Gathering

Access to various sections of the IVI Foundation web site may be
restricted to members of the consortium. Access to these resources may
be controlled by a user name and password; a password prompt is your
indication that a members-only resource is being accessed.

### How We Use Your Information

IVI Foundation may use non-personal data that is aggregated for
reporting about IVI Foundation web site usability, performance, and
effectiveness. It may be used to improve the experience, usability, and
content of the site.

IVI Foundation may use personal information to provide services that
support the activities of IVI Foundation members and their collaboration
on IVI Foundation standards. When accessing IVI Foundation members-only
web pages, your personal user information may be tracked by IVI
Foundation in order to support collaboration, ensure authorized access,
and enable communication between members.

Credit card information may be collected to facilitate membership
applications; such information will not be kept longer than necessary
for providing the services requested. Credit card numbers are used only
for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. Payment
processing services may be provided by a third-party payment service and
a management company external to IVI Foundation may provide support for
the financial activities of the consortium.

### Information Sharing

IVI Foundation will not give away, share, sell, rent, or lease any
individual's personal information or lists of email addresses to anyone
for marketing purposes, and we take commercially reasonable steps to
maintain the security of this information. However, IVI Foundation
reserves the right to supply any such information to any organization
into which IVI Foundation may merge in the future or to which it may
make any transfer in order to enable a third party to continue part or
all of its mission. In addition, please be aware that in certain
circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject
to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas,
warrants, or orders.

In keeping with our open process, IVI Foundation may maintain publicly
accessible archives for the vast majority of our activities. For
example, posting an email to any IVI Foundation-hosted mail list or
discussion forum will result in your email address becoming part of the
publicly accessible archives.

If you are a registered member of IVI Foundation, you should be aware
that some items of your personal information may be visible to other IVI
Foundation members and to the public. The IVI Foundation member database
may retain information about your name, e-mail address, company
affiliation (if an organizational member), and such other personal
address and identifying data as you choose to supply. That data may be
generally visible to other IVI Foundation members and to the public.
Your name, e-mail address, and other information you may supply, also
may be associated in the IVI Foundation's publicly accessible records
with IVI Foundation's various committees, working groups, and similar
activities that you join, in various places, including: 1) the
permanently-posted attendance and membership records of those
activities; 2) documents generated by the activity, which may be
permanently archived; and, 3) along with message content, in the
permanent archives of IVI Foundation's e-mail lists, which also may be
public.

Given the international scope of IVI Foundation, personal information
may be visible to persons outside your country of residence, including
to persons in countries that your own country's privacy laws and
regulations deem deficient in ensuring an adequate level of protection
for such information.

**If you do not want your personal information collected and used by IVI
Foundation, please do not visit IVI Foundation's web site or apply for
membership.**  
  
### Access to and Accuracy of Member Information

IVI Foundation is committed to keeping the personal information of our
members accurate. All the information you have submitted to us can be
verified and changed. In order to do this, please email us a request at
<IVIinfo@ivifoundation.org>.
We may provide members with online access
to their own personal profiles, enabling them to update or delete
information at any time. To protect our members' privacy and security,
we also may take reasonable steps to verify identity, such as a user ID
and password, before granting access to modify personal profile data.
Certain areas of IVI Foundation's web sites may limit access to specific
individuals through the use of passwords or other personal identifiers.

### Keeping Your Information Secure

IVI Foundation makes every effort to protect personal information by
users of the web site, including using firewalls and other security
measures on its servers. No server, however, is 100% secure, and you
should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential
information about yourself on any web site, including this one. Much of
the personal information is used in conjunction with member services
such as collaboration and discussion, so some types of personal
information such as your name, company affiliation, and email address
will be visible to other IVI Foundation members and to the public.

### Opting Out

From time to time IVI Foundation may email you electronic newsletters,
announcements, surveys or other information. If you prefer not to
receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by following
the directions provided within the electronic newsletters and
announcements.

### Contacting Us

Questions about this Privacy Statement can be directed to
<info@ivifoundation.org>.
