---
layout: default
nav_order:  7
redirect_from: /about/bylaws.aspx/
---

# Bylaws

The IVI Foundation has adopted formal Bylaws to govern its activities.
You can download the document in
[PDF](../downloads/Operating-Legal/ByLaws%202007-10-19.pdf) format.

Below is a short synopsis of the IVI Foundation operating rules and
meeting conventions:

Member companies can send as many representatives as desired to
committee meetings At Technical Committee meetings, each company gets
one vote regardless of the number of representatives Member meetings are
held in person, or by phone conference call Currently member meetings
are held 3-4 times per year, they usually last 2-3 days with multiple
tracks and an agenda is published in advance. Individuals can choose to
attend only the portions of the meeting that interest them Attendees are
charged nominal meeting fees to cover the cost of meeting space,
continental breakfast and lunch Other general communications are
conducted via email

## Operating Procedures

IVI's day-to-day activities are governed by IVI specification 1.2,
Operating Procedures, available on the
[Specifications](../specifications/default.html) page. This document
describes IVI Foundation rules and practices for conducting business.
All discussions and business conducted in any forum within the
foundation conforms to these procedures.

In general the foundation bylaws are the ultimate authority on
foundation procedures. If they are found to conflict in any way with
anything appearing in the Operating Procedures, the bylaws take
precedence.

Where procedures are not defined by the Operating Procedures document or
the bylaws, the IVI Foundation uses Robert's Rules of order (newly
revised).

For more information on IVI operating procedures, see the Operating
Procedure Committee page: [Membership \> Committees \> Operating Procedures](../membership/operating_procedures_committee.html)
