---
layout: posts
title: June 2023 IVI Meeting
author: IVI Admin
excerpt_separator: "<!--excerpt-->"
---

We are holding our June IVI Meeting Monday, June 5<span style="text-align: center"> - Wednesday, June 7, 2023 at the <strong>Hilton San Diego Airport / Harbor Island</strong>, cost of the room is $205 per night with our LXI-IVI block rate.

<!--excerpt-->

<div id="rightCol0">
					
					<blockquote>
						<blockquote>
							<blockquote>
								<blockquote>
									<h2 align="center" style="text-align: center"><br />
          </h2>
										<p>We are holding our June IVI Meeting Monday, June 5<span style="text-align: center"> - Wednesday, June 7, 2023 at the <strong>Hilton San Diego Airport / Harbor Island</strong>, cost of the room is $205 per night with our LXI-IVI block rate.</p>
            <p>Make your room reservation using the <a href="https://www.hilton.com/en/attend-my-event/sanahhf-lxi-24a99ae6-37c6-4d73-adde-1981b13db4cd/" target="_blank">booking link</a> as soon as possible, and don't forget to email <a href="mailto:admin@ivifoundation.org"><strong>Barb</strong></a>, to register for the IVI June Meeting.</p>
            <p>As always, please stay at this hotel in San Diego, instead of somewhere else, because we need everyone's participation to meet the terms of the contract. If we fall short of our promised room reservations, LXI and IVI will pay penalties for the lost revenue.  IVI is overlapping the LXI meeting on Wednesday, and we have estimated that LXI and IVI will both be present at Wednesday's lunch.</p>
              <blockquote><blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
              <h3><strong>Hotel Reservations:</strong></h3>
                <blockquote>
                  <p><strong>Group Name:</strong> LXI Consortium and IVI Foundation&nbsp;<br>
                    <strong>Last Day to Book: </strong>May 12, 2023<br>
                  <strong>Hotel &amp; Room Block Rate:</strong> Hilton San Diego Airport / Harbor Island for $205 USD per night.</p>
                  <p><strong><a href="https://www.hilton.com/en/attend-my-event/sanahhf-lxi-24a99ae6-37c6-4d73-adde-1981b13db4cd/" target="_blank">Book your group rate for LXI Consortium and IVI Foundation&nbsp;</a></strong><strong> </strong></p>
                  <p>Or, you can call their reservations center directly at (800) 445-8667.  Advise the Reservation Agent of the Group Name, LXI CONSORTIUM/ IVI FOUNDATION.  This will ensure that they are booked within the group room block code: <strong>LXI</strong> at the corresponding group rate (<strong>$205</strong>).  All reservations requested after the cut-off date <strong>(May 12, 2023)</strong> will be made on a space available basis and will be sold at the best available rate.</p>
                </blockquote>
                <h3><strong>LXI/IVI Hotel Contact:</strong></h3>
                <blockquote>
                  <p>If you need assistance extending your stay, or making a reservation with this link, please contact Omar Covarrubias.</p>
                  <p><strong>Omar Covarrubias<br>
                  </strong><strong>GROUP ROOMS COORDINATOR<br>
                  </strong><u><a href="mailto:Omar.Covarrubias@Hilton.com" title="mailto:Omar.Covarrubias@Hilton.com">Omar.Covarrubias@Hilton.com<br>
                  </a></u>His direct line is (619) 542-5133.</p>
                </blockquote>
              <h3>Hotel Information</h3>
                <blockquote>
                  <p><strong>Hilton San Diego Airport / Harbor Island<br>
                  </strong><strong>d: </strong>619 542 5133<br>
                  <strong>m: </strong>619 291 6700 <strong><br>
                  f: 619 293 0694<br>
                  </strong>1960 Harbor Island Drive, San Diego, CA. 92101<br>
                  <u><a href="http://www.sandiegoairport.hilton.com/" title="http://www.sandiegoairport.hilton.com/">www.sandiegoairport.hilton.com</a></u></p>
                  <p>&nbsp;</p>
                </blockquote>
              <h3><strong>Meeting Registration</strong></h3>
              <p>To make sure we have you in the headcount for food and nametags, please email <a href="mailto:admin@ivifoundation.org"><strong>Barb</strong></a> to register for the meeting. </p>
              <p><strong>Hotel and Transportation Information:</strong>    </p>
          <em>A unique Harbor Island, San Diego waterfront hotel</em>
              <p>Boasting scenic views of the marina and downtown San Diego skyline, the Hilton San Diego Airport/Harbor Island is situated on beautiful San Diego Bay with ideal proximity to the city's most popular attractions. Enjoy the comfort of our modern guest rooms and the convenience of outstanding facilities and service, whether you're here for business, an overnight trip or exciting getaway.</p>
              <h3>Good to know</h3>
              <ul>
                <li>Five minutes from San Diego International Airport</li>
                <li>Near downtown San Diego and many popular destinations</li>
                <li>Complimentary airport shuttle for guests</li>
                <li>Spacious guest rooms with complimentary WiFi and more</li>
                <li>24-hour fitness center, heated outdoor swimming pool and whirlpool spa</li>
              </ul>
              <h3><strong>Shuttle</strong></h3>
              <p>Complimentary on-demand airport (SAN) shuttle service is available between the hours of 4:30am and 12:00am. Once you have retrieved your luggage from the baggage claim and are at the Courtesy Vehicles area outside of each Terminal, please call the hotel (619)291-6700 to have a van dispatched.<br>
              </p>
              <h3><strong>Directions</strong></h3>
              <p>FROM THE NORTH: Take Interstate 5 South to the San Diego Airport/Sassafras Street exit. Upon leaving Interstate 5, you will be traveling on Kettner. Turn right onto Laurel Street. The road will fork. Take right fork, which will merge into Harbor Drive. Follow Harbor Drive to Harbor Island Drive. Left onto Harbor Island Drive, and veer to the right. Hotel is located on the right side near the west end of the Island.<br>
                <br>
                FROM THE SOUTH: Take Interstate 5 North to the Hawthorn Street exit. Turn right onto Harbor Drive. Follow Harbor Drive to Harbor Island Drive. Turn left onto Harbor Island Drive and veer to the right. Hotel is located on the right side near the west end of the Island.<br>
                <br></p>
              <p>&nbsp;</p>
            
        
 
        
  